chore(docs): add note about deploying to providers other than vercel (#6075)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/reference/03-sveltekit/index.md

Don't forget to set the `AUTH_SECRET` [environment variable](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/modules#$env-static-private). This should be a random 32 character string. On unix systems you can use `openssl rand -hex 32` or check out `https://generate-secret.vercel.app/32`.

> When deploying your app outside Vercel, set the `AUTH_TRUST_HOST` variable to your Home URL, for example `https://skauth.pages.dev` for Cloudflare Pages.

Reviewer: Can you just update our PR? This could be somethign like:

```suggestion
When deploying your app outside Vercel, set the `AUTH_TRUST_HOST` variable to `true` for  other hosting providers like Cloudflare Pages or Netlify.
```
